Improve clarity of Egress Gateway docs (#11458)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/traffic-management/egress/egress-gateway/index.md

    sleep istio-proxy
    {{< /text >}}

> 1.  Create the same destination rule as for the `sleep` pod above, just now in the `test-egress` namespace, to direct the traffic through the egress gateway:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a similar destination rule as used for the `sleep` pod in the `default` namespace, to direct the `test-egress` namespace traffic through the egress gateway:
```

Author: I like this text and have committed it to the PR :+1:
